A murderer is condemned to death. He has to choose between three rooms. The first is full of raging fires, the second is full of assassins with loaded guns, and the third is full of lions that haven't eaten in 3 years. Which room is safest for him?

A room full of dead lions sounds pretty safe to me.





An apple is 40 cents, a banana is 60 cents and a grapefruit is 80 cents. How much is a pear?






“Knights and knaves” are a popular type of logic puzzle that involves an island inhabited by two types of people: knights and knaves.

Knights always tell the truth
Knaves always lie
On the island, you encounter three people, Ted, Ben and Lil.

Ted says, “at least one of the following is true, that Lil is a knave or that I am a knight.”

Ben says, “Ted could claim that I am a knave.”

Lil says, “neither Ted nor Ben are knights.”

Who is a knight and who is a knave?





OK.....you have proved yourselves worthy adversaries. Now for my final attempt, my final logic puzzle (not actually mine), good luck. 


The Zebra Puzzle:

The puzzle consists of five different-colored houses in a row, each lived in by a resident of a different nationality. Each resident owns a different pet, prefers a different drink, and smokes a different brand of cigarettes than the others.

You’re given 15 other facts:

There are five houses.
The Englishman lives in the red house.
The Spaniard owns the dog.
Coffee is drunk in the green house.
The Ukrainian drinks tea.
The green house is immediately to the right of the ivory house (to your right as you stand facing the row of five houses).
The Old Gold smoker owns snails.
Kools are smoked in the yellow house.
Milk is drunk in the middle house.
The Norwegian lives in the first house.
The man who smokes Chesterfields lives in the house next to the man with the fox.
Kools are smoked in a house next to the house where the horse is kept.
The Lucky Strike smoker drinks orange juice.
The Japanese smokes Parliaments.
The Norwegian lives next to the blue house.
To solve the puzzle, tell me:

1) Which man likes to drink water

2) Which man owns a zebra