A teacher named Ms. Jones asks her third-grade class if it's anyone's birthday that day and, to her surprise, even though there are 30-something kids in the class, no one raises their hand.

Ms. Jones then asks, "Well, is there anyone here who has a family member whose birthday it is today?"

And little Katie raises her hand and says, "As a matter of fact, today is my father's birthday, and it's also my grandfather's birthday."

The teacher says, "Oh really -- how interesting!"

Little Katie goes on to say, "And they're the same age."

The teacher says, "Oh, no, no, Katie, that can't be." But Katie insists that they’re the same age.

So the question is: Can it be and, if so, how? Now, if you start thinking about February 28th and all that, you're barking up the wrong tree.

The grandfather is on the mom's side of the family.




Here's a list of words. What do they have in common? Here's the list: "Deft," as in he made a deft move. "First,' he came in first. "Calmness,' he was overcome by calmness. "Canopy,' a canopy covered the boat so he wouldn't get wet. "Laughing,' it was no laughing matter. "Stupid,' needs no further explanation. "Crab cake," as in, "My brother made me crab cakes for dinner, and I ate a bottle of antacid when I got home." And "hijack,' I was hoping that our producer's flight would be hijacked to Bora Bora.

Deft,
First,
Calmness,
Canopy,
Laughing,
Stupid,
Crab cake,
hijack,







In a room there are a mixture of people and dogs. There are 72 heads, and 200 legs. How many dogs are in the room? (No tricks, no chromosomal abnormalities, no disabilities …)






You’re taking care of a friend’s house whilst he’s on vacation. In one room you pull the chain on a ceiling fan, and when it doesn’t respond you realize the house has temporarily lost power. Doh! Unfortunately, you have to leave now, and you’ll be away for several days.

You know that the fan was in the “off” position before you pulled the chain, and that pulling the chain successively will cycle it through its remaining settings (“off,” “high”, “medium”. etc.). You don’t know how many settings there are, but you are sure there aren’t more than four.

How can you ensure the fan will be in the “off” positions when power is restored?

He needs to pull it 11 times