Grandma's Cake

You are on your way to visit your Grandma, who lives at the end of the valley. It’s her anniversary,
 and you want to give her the cakes you’ve made. Between your house and her house, you have to cross
  5 bridges, and as it goes in the land of make believe, there is a troll under every bridge! Each troll, 
  quite rightly, insists that you pay a troll toll. Before you can cross their bridge, you have to give
   them half of the cakes you are carrying, but as they are kind trolls, they each give you back a single cake.

How many cakes do you have to leave home with to make sure that you arrive at Grandma’s with exactly 2 cakes?


2 cakes because they will take one and always give you one back



Farmer and His Sons

A farmer wants to divide his 17 horses among his three sons. According to farmer the oldest son should get 
half of the horses,the middle son should get one third of the horses and the youngest son should get one 
ninth of the horses. When their father died they were not able to divide the horses as the result was coming 
in fractions. As the sons were fighting on how to divide the horses a traveling mathematician came and heard 
their problem. He proposed a solution with which all the sons got their share in the property without harming any animal.
What was the advice given and how the group of horses were divided?


If you round all the fractions up the total still stays at 17.


Three men are lined up behind each other. The tallest man is in the back and can see the heads of the two in front of him; the middle man can see the one man in front of him; the man in front can’t see anyone. They are blindfolded and hats are placed on their heads, picked from three black hats and two white hats. The extra two hats are hidden and the blindfolds removed. The tallest man is asked if he knows what color hat he’s wearing; he doesn’t. The middle man is asked if he knows; he doesn’t. But the man in front, who can’t see anyone, says he knows. How does he know, and what color hat is he wearing?






A teacher writes six words on a board: “cat dog has max dim tag.” She gives three students, Albert, Bernard and Cheryl each a piece of paper with one letter from one of the words. Then she asks, “Albert, do you kn
ow the word?” Albert immediately replies yes. She asks, “Bernard, do you know the word?” He thinks for a moment and replies yes. Then she asks Cheryl the same question. She thinks and then replies yes. What is the word?